packages/dashmate/README.md, before:

# MN Bootstrap

[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

Distribution package for Dash Masternode installation

## Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Configuration presets](#configuration-presets)
  - [Command line interface](#cli)
  - [Start node](#start-node)
  - [Stop node](#stop-node)
  - [Register masternode](#register-masternode)
  - [Reset data](#reset-data)
  - [Development](#development)
  - [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Install

### Dependencies

* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (v18.06.0+)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (v1.25.0+)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v10.0+)

For Linux installations you may optionally wish to follow the [post-installation steps](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/) to manage Docker as a non-root user, otherwise you will have to run CLI and Docker commands with `sudo`.

### Distribution package 

```bash
$ git clone -b master https://github.com/dashevo/mn-bootstrap.git
$ cd mn-bootstrap
$ npm install # optional: install CLI dependencies
$ sudo npm link # optional: link CLI for system-wide execution
```

## Usage

The package contains a CLI, Docker Compose files and configuration presets.

### Configuration presets

 - Local - standalone masternode for local development
 - Evonet - masternode with Evonet configuration
 - Testnet - masternode with testnet configuration

### CLI

The CLI can be used to perform routine tasks. Invoke the CLI with `mn` if linked during installation, or with `node bin/mn` if not linked. To list available commands, either run `mn` with no parameters or execute `mn help`. To list the help on any command just execute the command, followed by the `--help` option

### Start node

The `start` command is used to start a node with a specified configuration preset.

```
USAGE
  $ mn start PRESET EXTERNAL-IP CORE-P2P-PORT
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET         (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
  EXTERNAL-IP    masternode external IP
  CORE-P2P-PORT  Core P2P port
OPTIONS
  -f, --full-node                                  start as full node
  -p, --operator-private-key=operator-private-key  operator private key
  -u, --update                                     download updated services before start
```

To start a masternode for Evonet:

```bash
$ mn start evonet 1.2.3.4 20001 -p 2058cd87116ee8492ae0db5d4f8050218588701636197cfcd124dcae8986d514
```

To start a full node for Evonet:

```bash
$ mn start evonet 1.2.3.4 19999 -f
```

### Stop node

The `stop` command is used to stop a running node.

```
USAGE
  $ mn stop PRESET
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET  (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
```

To stop an Evonet node:

```bash
$ mn stop evonet
```

### Register masternode

The `register` command creates a collateral funding transaction and then uses it to register a masternode on the specified network. It does not configure or start a masternode on the host.

#### Funding collateral

Before registering the masternode, you must have access to an address on the network you intend to use with a balance of more than 1000 Dash. 1000 Dash is used for the collateral transaction, and the remainder will be used for transaction fees. Make sure you have access to the private key for this address, since you will need to provide it in the next step. If using Dash Core, you can get the private key for a given address using the following command:

```
dumpprivkey "address"
```

If using the `local` or `evonet` presets, you can create and fund a new address using the `wallet` command as shown below.

```
USAGE
  $ mn wallet:generate-to-address PRESET AMOUNT
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET  (evonet|local) preset to use
  AMOUNT  amount of dash to be generated to address
OPTIONS
  -a, --address=address  recipient address instead of a new one
```

To generate 1001 Dash to a new address on evonet:

```bash
mn wallet:generate-to-address evonet 1001
```

#### Masternode registration

Run the `register` command as described below. The command will first verify sufficient balance on the funding address from the previous step. It will then generate new addresses for the collateral, owner and operator and display the addresses and associated private keys as output. The collateral of exactly 1000 Dash will be sent from the funding address to the collateral address, and after 15 blocks have been mined, the registration transaction will be broadcast on the network. Assuming a properly configured and running masternode exists at the specified IP address and port, it should become active after the registration transaction has been mined to a block on the network.

```
USAGE
  $ mn register PRESET FUNDING-PRIVATE-KEY EXTERNAL-IP PORT
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET               (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
  FUNDING-PRIVATE-KEY  private key with more than 1000 dash for funding collateral
  EXTERNAL-IP          masternode external IP
  PORT                 masternode P2P port
```

To register a testnet masternode:

```bash
$ mn register testnet cVdEfkXLHqftgXzRYZW4EdwtcnJ8Mktw9L4vcEcqbVDs3e2qdzCf 1.2.3.4 19999
```

### Reset data

The `reset` command removes all data corresponding to the specified preset and allows you to start a node from scratch.

```
USAGE
  $ mn reset PRESET
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET  (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
```

To reset an Evonet node:

```bash
$ mn reset evonet
```

### Development

When developing on a standalone node (the `local` preset), a local path for DAPI or Drive may be specified via the `--drive-image-build-path` and `--dapi-image-build-path` options of the `start` command. A Docker image will be built from the provided path and then used by mn-bootstrap. This allows developers to quickly test changes to DAPI and Drive with minimal overhead.

### Docker Compose

In case if you need to use Docker Compose directly you need to pass a preset configuration.

There are two ways to pass a preset:
 1. Rename corresponding dotenv file (i.e. `.env.evonet`) to `.env`
 2. Add `--env-file` option to `docker-compose` command (i.e. `docker-compose --env-file=.env.evonet ps`)

## Contributing

Feel free to dive in! [Open an issue](https://github.com/dashevo/mn-bootstrap/issues/new) or submit PRs.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) &copy; Dash Core Group, Inc.

Commit message:

feat: setup for local development command (#82)
Co-authored-by: Ivan Shumkov <ivan@shumkov.ru>
Co-authored-by: thephez <thephez@users.noreply.github.com>

packages/dashmate/README.md, after:

# MN Bootstrap

[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

Distribution package for Dash Masternode installation

## Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Configuration presets](#configuration-presets)
  - [Command line interface](#cli)
  - [Start node](#start-node)
  - [Stop node](#stop-node)
  - [Register masternode](#register-masternode)
  - [Reset data](#reset-data)
  - [Development](#development)
  - [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Install

### Dependencies

* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (v18.06.0+)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (v1.25.0+)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v10.0+)

For Linux installations you may optionally wish to follow the [post-installation steps](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/) to manage Docker as a non-root user, otherwise you will have to run CLI and Docker commands with `sudo`.

### Distribution package

```bash
$ git clone -b master https://github.com/dashevo/mn-bootstrap.git
$ cd mn-bootstrap
$ npm install # optional: install CLI dependencies
$ sudo npm link # optional: link CLI for system-wide execution
```

## Usage

The package contains a CLI, Docker Compose files and configuration presets.

### Configuration presets

 - Local - standalone masternode for local development
 - Evonet - masternode with Evonet configuration
 - Testnet - masternode with testnet configuration

### CLI

The CLI can be used to perform routine tasks. Invoke the CLI with `mn` if linked during installation, or with `node bin/mn` if not linked. To list available commands, either run `mn` with no parameters or execute `mn help`. To list the help on any command just execute the command, followed by the `--help` option

### Start node

The `start` command is used to start a node with a specified configuration preset.

```
USAGE
  $ mn start PRESET EXTERNAL-IP CORE-P2P-PORT
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET         (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
  EXTERNAL-IP    masternode external IP
  CORE-P2P-PORT  Core P2P port
OPTIONS
  -f, --full-node                                  start as full node
  -p, --operator-private-key=operator-private-key  operator private key
  -u, --update                                     download updated services before start
```

To start a masternode for Evonet:

```bash
$ mn start evonet 1.2.3.4 20001 -p 2058cd87116ee8492ae0db5d4f8050218588701636197cfcd124dcae8986d514
```

To start a full node for Evonet:

```bash
$ mn start evonet 1.2.3.4 19999 -f
```

### Stop node

The `stop` command is used to stop a running node.

```
USAGE
  $ mn stop PRESET
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET  (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
```

To stop an Evonet node:

```bash
$ mn stop evonet
```

### Register masternode

The `register` command creates a collateral funding transaction and then uses it to register a masternode on the specified network. It does not configure or start a masternode on the host.

#### Funding collateral

Before registering the masternode, you must have access to an address on the network you intend to use with a balance of more than 1000 Dash. 1000 Dash is used for the collateral transaction, and the remainder will be used for transaction fees. Make sure you have access to the private key for this address, since you will need to provide it in the next step. If using Dash Core, you can get the private key for a given address using the following command:

```
dumpprivkey "address"
```

If using the `local` or `evonet` presets, you can create and fund a new address using the `wallet` command as shown below.

```
USAGE
  $ mn wallet:generate-to-address PRESET AMOUNT
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET  (evonet|local) preset to use
  AMOUNT  amount of dash to be generated to address
OPTIONS
  -a, --address=address  recipient address instead of a new one
```

To generate 1001 Dash to a new address on evonet:

```bash
mn wallet:generate-to-address evonet 1001
```

#### Masternode registration

Run the `register` command as described below. The command will first verify sufficient balance on the funding address from the previous step. It will then generate new addresses for the collateral, owner and operator and display the addresses and associated private keys as output. The collateral of exactly 1000 Dash will be sent from the funding address to the collateral address, and after 15 blocks have been mined, the registration transaction will be broadcast on the network. Assuming a properly configured and running masternode exists at the specified IP address and port, it should become active after the registration transaction has been mined to a block on the network.

```
USAGE
  $ mn register PRESET FUNDING-PRIVATE-KEY EXTERNAL-IP PORT
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET               (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
  FUNDING-PRIVATE-KEY  private key with more than 1000 dash for funding collateral
  EXTERNAL-IP          masternode external IP
  PORT                 masternode P2P port
```

To register a testnet masternode:

```bash
$ mn register testnet cVdEfkXLHqftgXzRYZW4EdwtcnJ8Mktw9L4vcEcqbVDs3e2qdzCf 1.2.3.4 19999
```

### Reset data

The `reset` command removes all data corresponding to the specified preset and allows you to start a node from scratch.

```
USAGE
  $ mn reset PRESET
ARGUMENTS
  PRESET  (local|testnet|evonet) preset to use
```

To reset an Evonet node:

```bash
$ mn reset evonet
```

### Development

When developing on a standalone node (the `local` preset), `setup-for-local-development` can be used
to generate some dash, register a masternode and populate the node with the data required for local development.

To allow developers quickly test changes to DAPI and Drive, a local path for DAPI or Drive may be specified
via the `--drive-image-build-path` and `--dapi-image-build-path` options of the `start` command.
A Docker image will be built from the provided path and then used by mn-bootstrap.

### Docker Compose

In case if you need to use Docker Compose directly you need to pass a preset configuration.

There are two ways to pass a preset:
 1. Rename corresponding dotenv file (i.e. `.env.evonet`) to `.env`
 2. Add `--env-file` option to `docker-compose` command (i.e. `docker-compose --env-file=.env.evonet ps`)

## Contributing

Feel free to dive in! [Open an issue](https://github.com/dashevo/mn-bootstrap/issues/new) or submit PRs.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) &copy; Dash Core Group, Inc.
